Watch Carol Dweck on the Growth Mindset. (10 minutes)
	I loved this video because I could relate to it so well. Definitely after going through 201 
	And 301 you face so many learning challenges. I thought it was great how she spoke on
	The experiment with kids and how to outcome showed different verse the mindset they
	Had. Sometimes it is hard to keep that mindset but I plan on taking on the challenge. 

Watch Angela Lee Duckworth on Grit. (6 minutes)
  In this video Angela spoke on how perseverance takes people further than knowledge. I personally think this is one of my best traits. I actually love to push myself.   Sometimes it feels horrible but I’ve experienced grit so many times that I know how the other side looks and I’m addicted to that feeling. This is why I signed myself up for a 4 month online bootcamp to learn coding. Don't get too much more insane than that. Great talk from Angela. 

Watch Alain de Botton on Redefining Success. (17 minutes)
  I love the way Alain was able to interpret the emotions a lot of us feel trying to capture success in our everyday lives. Even more reflect on how society can often view success and failure.

Read Upgrade Your Technical Skills with Deliberate Practice. (10 minutes)

  I like learning new things but it is often the kryptonite from my habits. By this I mean I learn things and often try to re apply them. Sometimes this brings me success and sometimes this is my initial roadblock. Trying to find that comfort zone for new approaches is always a good challenge. 
  Assess your emotional intelligence. If you have done it in the past, now you can identify the areas you have grown in recently
  My emotional intelligence score was a 21 out of 25. I pride myself in my awareness and I have a very diverse background that has given me a lot of experience with others. 
  
Assess your biases. If you have done it in the past, now you can identify the areas you have grown in recently.

I was able to score above 100 in the Bias self assessment but I did see areas for improvement. I believe a lot of my success in this topic is because I have such a diverse background. From growing up in a small city to exploring bigger cities, moving to another state,  and working from small companies to large. This has all come with a sense of awareness that has driven my wisdom over the years. I still have ways to improve such as meaningful connections which I believe becomes harder the more you are aware. Such wisdom brings more caution.
	

